Add known issue for PssFreeSnapshot memory leak (#714)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.11.asciidoc

[[known-issues-8.11.1]]
=== Known issues

[[known-issue-115-8.11.1]]
.Potential memory leak running {agent} in Windows environments
[%collapsible]
====

*Details*

> A potential memory leak has been identified in the {filebeat} and {metricbeat} components of {agent} when running on a Windows system. The leak can cause the component to halt or crash, in a worst case scenario potentially leading to system down time.

Author: Added via [4f6992f](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/pull/714/commits/4f6992f1822331f932b670387aa0e76500442824)

[[known-issues-8.11.1]]
=== Known issues

[[known-issue-115-8.11.1]]

> .Potential memory leak running {agent} in Windows environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Memory leak running {agent} in Windows environments with the System Integration
```

Author: Fixed via [338579f](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/pull/714/commits/338579ff0fdcee625025cf0c4248ecdb6275591e)

[[known-issues-8.11.0]]
=== Known issues

[[known-issue-115-8.11.0]]
.Potential memory leak running {agent} in Windows environments
[%collapsible]
====

*Details*

> A potential memory leak has been identified in the {filebeat} and {metricbeat} components of {agent} when running on a Windows system. The leak can cause the component to halt or crash, in a worst case scenario potentially leading to system down time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A memory leak has been identified in {metricbeat} on Windows. The leak also affects the {agent} system integration which is implemented with {metricbeat}. The leak will eventually exhaust all memory on the host system, typically after several days.
```

Same as https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/pull/714/files#r1403509022

Author: Added via [4f6992f](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/pull/714/commits/4f6992f1822331f932b670387aa0e76500442824)
